docs: re-add `studio document validation` and change code snippet (#2276)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/tutorials/studio-document-validation.md

---
title: "Validate AsyncAPI document with Studio"
description: This tutorial will teach you how to validate AsyncAPI documents using the AsyncAPI Studio tool.
weight: 120
---

## Introduction
This tutorial will teach you how to validate AsyncAPI documents using the [AsyncAPI Studio tool](https://studio.asyncapi.com/).

> You will start with a broken AsyncAPI document and troubleshoot via console errors step-by-step until we end up with a valid AsyncAPI document. This process will illustrate how to identify [`REQUIRED` properties in AsyncAPI documents](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/latest#A2SObject).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will start with a broken AsyncAPI document and troubleshoot via console errors step-by-step until we end up with a valid AsyncAPI document. That process will illustrate identifying [`REQUIRED` properties in AsyncAPI documents](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/latest#A2SObject).
```
